A case welcome to this exercise video on the ALTER TABLE statement.
So in this video I have six challenges for you to complete which will cover everything we've learned
so far on the altar table statement.
And then in the next video I'll show you the solutions to each challenge.
So the first challenge I want you to add a primary key to the ID fields in the past and people tables
and then for the second challenge I want you to add a foreign key to the owner ID field in the table
referencing the ID field in the People table.
And then I want you to add a column named email to the People table.
So in this section we didn't actually go through adding columns to a table but in this course we have
been through that before.
So think back further in the course to how you can add a column to a table.
Then I want you to add a unique constraint to the email column in the people's table.
Then I want you to rename the Name column in the pence table to first name and then for the final challenge
I want you to change the post code data type to char 7 in the addresses table so have a go at answering
those six challenges and I'll see you in the next video for the solution to each one.